Add steps to verify headless service (#251)
submariner-io/submariner-website: src/content/quickstart/kind/_index.md

#### Verify Deployment

To manually verify the deployment, follow the steps below using either a headless or ClusterIP `nginx` service deployed in `cluster3`.

##### Deploy ClusterIP Service

```bash
kubectl --kubeconfig output/kubeconfigs/kind-config-cluster3 create deployment nginx --image=nginx
kubectl --kubeconfig output/kubeconfigs/kind-config-cluster3 expose deployment nginx --port=80
subctl export service --kubeconfig output/kubeconfigs/kind-config-cluster3 --namespace default nginx
```

##### Deploy Headless Service

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that headless Services can only be exported on non-globalnet deployments.
```

```bash
kubectl --kubeconfig output/kubeconfigs/kind-config-cluster3 create deployment nginx --image=nginx

> kubectl --kubeconfig output/kubeconfigs/kind-config-cluster3 expose deployment nginx --port=80 --cluster-ip='None'

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
kubectl --kubeconfig output/kubeconfigs/kind-config-cluster3 expose deployment nginx --port=80 --cluster-ip=None
```

> 

Reviewer 3: This section is basically a duplicate of _verify_with_discovery.md_ - we should just include it as we do in other files.

Author: The kubeconfig paths used here is different since it is a kind deployment and hence we have did not use the include.

> To manually verify the deployment follow the steps below.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
To manually verify the deployment, follow the steps below using either a headless or ClusterIP `nginx` service deployed in `cluster3`.
```

##### Deploy ClusterIP Service

```bash
kubectl --kubeconfig output/kubeconfigs/kind-config-cluster3 create deployment nginx --image=nginx
kubectl --kubeconfig output/kubeconfigs/kind-config-cluster3 expose deployment nginx --port=80
subctl export service --kubeconfig output/kubeconfigs/kind-config-cluster3 --namespace default nginx
```

##### Deploy Headless Service

```bash
kubectl --kubeconfig output/kubeconfigs/kind-config-cluster3 create deployment nginx --image=nginx

> kubectl --kubeconfig output/kubeconfigs/kind-config-cluster3 expose deployment nginx --port=80 --cluster-ip=''

Reviewer: ```suggestion
kubectl --kubeconfig output/kubeconfigs/kind-config-cluster3 expose deployment nginx --port=80 --cluster-ip='None'
```

> kubectl --kubeconfig output/kubeconfigs/kind-config-cluster3 expose deployment nginx --port=80 --cluster-ip=''

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
kubectl --kubeconfig output/kubeconfigs/kind-config-cluster3 expose deployment nginx --port=80 --cluster-ip='None'
```

subctl export service --kubeconfig output/kubeconfigs/kind-config-cluster3 --namespace default nginx
```

##### Verify

Run `nettest` from `cluster2` to access the `nginx` service:

```bash
kubectl --kubeconfig output/kubeconfigs/kind-config-cluster2 -n default  run --generator=run-pod/v1 \
tmp-shell --rm -i --tty --image quay.io/submariner/nettest -- /bin/bash
curl nginx.default.svc.supercluster.local:8080
```

#### Perform automated verification

> You can also perform automated verifications of service discovery via the `subctl verify` command.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
This will perform automated verifications between the clusters.
```

subctl export service --kubeconfig output/kubeconfigs/kind-config-cluster3 --namespace default nginx
```

> To verify a headless service follow the steps below instead of the above one

Reviewer: ```suggestion
##### Verify Headless Service
To verify deployment using a headless service use following steps
```
Similarly add a subsection for existing content with `##### Verify ClusterIP Service`

subctl export service --kubeconfig output/kubeconfigs/kind-config-cluster3 --namespace default nginx
```

> To verify a headless service, follow the steps below using a `mehdb` service

Reviewer: Use headless nginx instead. Doesn't make sense to change the service itself to demonstrate headless use case.

Author: Then we need to have it in our repo right ? also this particular service can be extended for stateful sets too and it covers a real use case, where it will create the physical volumes too.

Reviewer: You can pass it as a flag to expose command. Taken from `kubectl expose --help`
```  # Create a service for an nginx deployment, which serves on port 80 and connects to the containers on port 8000.
  kubectl expose deployment nginx --port=80 --target-port=8000

Options:
      --allow-missing-template-keys=true: If true, ignore any errors in templates when a field or map key is missing in
the template. Only applies to golang and jsonpath output formats.
      --cluster-ip='': ClusterIP to be assigned to the service. Leave empty to auto-allocate, or set to 'None' to create
a headless service.
